Rest api:
---------

to access functionality of one application.

models:
-------
 A model is a class that represents table or collection in our DB, and where every attribute of the class is a field of the table or collection. 
Models are defined in the app/models.py (in our example: myapp/models.py)

Model.py is one of the most import concept of django framework. 

It allows us to completely define the database of our web applications allowing us to : Declare tables and fields of our database. 

Define all meta-data of our Database. Decide the behaviour of each field.


apps:
-----


tests:
------


What are migrations in Django:
-------------------------------
Migrations are Django's way of propagating changes you make to your models (adding a field, deleting a model, etc.) into your database schema. 

They're designed to be mostly automatic, but you'll need to know when to make migrations, when to run them, and the common problems you might run into.


views:
------

Django views are Python functions that takes http requests and returns http response, like HTML documents. 

A web page that uses Django is full of views with different tasks and missions. 

Views are usually put in a file called views.py located on your app's folder.

admin.py:
---------

The admin.py file is used to display your models in the Django admin panel. You can also customize your admin panel.

settings:
---------

settings.py is a core file in Django projects. 

It holds all the configuration values that your web app needs to work; 

database settings, logging configuration, where to find static files, API keys if you work with external APIs, and a bunch of other stuff.


manage:
-------



urls:
-----

WSGI:
----

Django's primary deployment platform is WSGI, the Python standard for web servers and applications. 

Django's startproject management command sets up a minimal default WSGI configuration for you, 

which you can tweak as needed for your project, and direct any WSGI-compliant application server to use.


serializer:
-----------


